c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\Revomanu.exe.config
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\Revomanu.exe
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\Revomanu.pdb
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu_Content.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu.g.resources
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu.exe
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\obj\Debug\Revomanu.pdb
C:\Users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\audio.mp3
C:\Users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revomanu\Revomanu\bin\Debug\duran.mp4
